fixing global header and doing acrolinx (#4361)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/shared-sso-android-ios/main/ios/configfile.md

    For example: `https//${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default`

> > **Note:** Locate your org URL by clicking your username in the upper-right corner of the Admin Console. The URL appears in the dropdown menu (for example, subdomain.okta.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Locate your Okta domain by clicking your username in the upper-right corner of the Admin Console. The domain appears in the dropdown menu (for example, subdomain.okta.com).
```
